README.md, before:

#### Jint-Unity

`Jint-Unity` is a fork of **[Jint](https://github.com/sebastienros/jint)**: a Javscript _interpreter_ for .NET. Jint does not JIT. This is important. This fork provides a few things that Jint proper does not:

* Compliant with the **.NET 3.5 Subset** that Unity uses.
* Fixes for **iOS compatibility**: yes, this runs on iOS!
* **Deep integration** with Unity: APIs for days!
* An awesome **Unity scene query language** aptly named UQL.
* Useful platform APIs:
	* Modularize with **[require()](Documentation/require.md)**!
	* Plugin to DI frameworks with **[inject()](Documentation/inject.md)**!
* Lots of Unity examples-- including a **full REPL**.

![Example](Documentation/example.png)

##### Build Process

All Jint projects can be found in Master.sln, which can be built like any Visual Studio Solution.

If you'd like to build all project and copy all project dlls into all examples, run `gradle buildAll`. This, of course, requires **[gradle](http://gradle.org)**. This task  defaults to the `Debug` configuration. To use release dlls instead, use `-Pconfiguration=Release`.

##### Roadmap

Our roadmap can be found **[here](Documentation/roadmap.md)**.

Commit message:

Added common scripts, added gradle task for copying common scripts to projects, added default editor skin, built out listcomponent, build out script selection window

README.md, after:

#### Jint-Unity

`Jint-Unity` is a fork of **[Jint](https://github.com/sebastienros/jint)**: a Javscript _interpreter_ for .NET. Jint does not JIT. This is important. This fork provides a few things that Jint proper does not:

* Compliant with the **.NET 3.5 Subset** that Unity uses.
* Fixes for **iOS compatibility**: yes, this runs on iOS!
* **Deep integration** with Unity: APIs for days!
* An awesome **Unity scene query language** aptly named UQL.
* Useful platform APIs:
	* Modularize with **[require()](Documentation/require.md)**!
	* Plugin to DI frameworks with **[inject()](Documentation/inject.md)**!
* Lots of Unity examples-- including a **full REPL**.

![Example](Documentation/example.png)

##### Build Process

All Jint projects can be found in `Master.sln`, which can be built like any Visual Studio Solution-- via Visual Studio, `msbuild` (.NET), or `xbuild` (Mono). This solution outputs a set of dlls.

We use **[gradle](http://gradle.org)** to orchestrate this process. Individual `gradle` tasks are outlined below.

###### buildAll

Builds all `Jint-Unity` projects and copies all project dlls into each example project.

_Properties_
* **configuration** - Defaults to `Debug`. Specifies which build configuration to copy. Eg - `gradle buildAll -Pconfiguration=Release` will copy release dlls into projects..

##### Roadmap

Our roadmap can be found **[here](Documentation/roadmap.md)**.
